https://store.docker.com/
https://www.bretfisher.com/shell/


https://jekyllrb.com/
Transform your plain text indo static websites and blogs (static site generator)


https://yaml.org/start.html
The YAML Format: Sample Generic

https://yaml.org/refcard.html
The YAML Forma: Quick Reference

https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-versioning/
Compose file version differences

https://github.com/docker/compose/releases
Docker compose release download



docker-compose download for Linux via GitHub, Win/Mac already have it.
https://github.com/docker/compose/releases

Production Servers: Compose vs. Swarm
https://github.com/BretFisher/ama/issues/8



Compose File Settings (BOOKMARK AND REVIEW). You'll use it often when making compose files.
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/

Don't use Links! It's a legacy feature of compose, and isn't needed
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#links



(Docker Docs) Compose file build options
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#build






Docker 1.12 Swarm Mode Deep Dive Part 1: Topology (YouTube)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dooPhkXT9yI

Docker 1.12 Swarm Mode Deep Dive Part 2: Orchestration (YouTube)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F6PSP-qhdA

Heart of the SwarmKit: Topology Management (slides)
https://speakerdeck.com/aluzzardi/heart-of-the-swarmkit-topology-management

Heart of the SwarmKit: Store, Topology & Object Model (YouTube)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmePhjGnCXY

Raft Consensus Visualization (Our Swarm DB and how it stays in sync across nodes)
http://thesecretlivesofdata.com/raft/




Create and Upload a SSH Key to Digital Ocean
https://www.digitalocean.com/docs/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/

Docker Swarm Firewall Ports
https://www.bretfisher.com/docker-swarm-firewall-ports/

Configure SSH for Saving Options for Specific Connections
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-configure-custom-connection-options-for-your-ssh-client

Windows Hyper-V driver for docker-machine
https://docs.docker.com/machine/drivers/hyper-v/

DigitalOcean Coupon for $50 (new signups)
https://www.digitalocean.com/?refcode=ee97875d52fa&utm_campaign=Referral_Invite&utm_medium=Referral_Program&utm_source=CopyPaste



Features Not Supported In Stack Deploy
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#not-supported-for-docker-stack-deploy

Production Servers: Compose vs. Swarm
https://github.com/BretFisher/ama/issues/8



Manage sensitive data with Docker secrets (Docker Docs) (Lots of good reading and examples)
https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/



Secrets In Compose Files (Docker Docs)
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#secrets-configuration-reference



Service Update command (Docker Docs)
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/service_update/



PHP Laravel Good Defaults with Docker
https://github.com/BretFisher/php-docker-good-defaults

HEALTHCHECK in Dockerfile (Docker Docs)
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck

Healthcheck in Compose files (Docker Docs)
https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#healthcheck



# Kubernetes
History of Kubernetes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kubernetes

Kubernetes Home Page
https://kubernetes.io/


List of Certified Kubernetes Distributions
https://kubernetes.io/partners/#conformance


Kubernetes Components
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#master-components



Minikube Download
https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/releases/

MikroK8s for Linux Hosts
https://github.com/ubuntu/microk8s

Install kubectl on Windows when you don't have Docker Desktop
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/#install-kubectl-on-windows

Katacoda Kubernetes in a Browser
https://www.katacoda.com/courses/kubernetes/playground

Play-with-K8s in a Browser
https://play-with-k8s.com/



Pod Overview (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-overview/

Service (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Namespace (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/



Kubectl Cheat Sheet
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet/

Kubectl for Docker Users
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/docker-cli-to-kubectl/



Stern: for better multi-node log viewing at the CLI
https://github.com/wercker/stern



Service (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/

Service Types (docs tutorial)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/services/



Kubernetes DNS Specification
https://github.com/kubernetes/dns/blob/master/docs/specification.md

CoreDNS for Kubernetes
https://www.coredns.io/plugins/kubernetes/



kubectl Usage Conventions (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/conventions/

Kubectl Usage Best Practices (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/conventions/#best-practices



Kubernetes Management Techniques (docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/object-management/

Imperative Command Examples (docs tutorial)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/imperative-command/

Imperative Config Files (doc tutorials)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/imperative-config/

Declarative Config Files
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/declarative-config/


Declarative Management of Kubernetes (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/declarative-config/



Kubernetes API Reference (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/#api-reference


APIServer dry-run and kubectl diff
https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/01/14/apiserver-dry-run-and-kubectl-diff/




Label Selectors (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors

Difference Between Labels and Annotations
https://vsupalov.com/kubernetes-labels-annotations-difference/

Recommended Labels (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/

Assigning Pods to Nodes (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/

Taints and Tolerations (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/



Volumes (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/

StatefulSets (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/

PersistentVolume (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-persistent-volume-storage/



Ingress (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/

Ingress Controllers (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/

Set up Ingress on Minikube with the NGINX Ingress Controller (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/ingress-minikube/

Traefik Ingress
https://docs.traefik.io/v2.0/providers/kubernetes-crd/#traefik-ingressroute-definition



Custom Resources (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/

The Operator Pattern (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/

OperatorHub
https://operatorhub.io/

Awesome Operators List
https://github.com/operator-framework/awesome-operators



Spreadsheet of Kubernetes Deployment Tools
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FCgqz1Ci7_VCz_wdh8vBitZ3giBtac_H8SBw4uxnrsE/edit#gid=0

Deploying Compose on Kubernetes
https://github.com/docker/compose-on-kubernetes/tree/master/docs

Introducing Kustomize
https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/05/29/introducing-kustomize-template-free-configuration-customization-for-kubernetes/

Kustomize (GitHub)
https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize

Docker App (GitHub)
https://github.com/docker/app

CNAB spec
https://cnab.io/



The Kubernetes Dashboard
https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard



Configure Access to Multiple Clusters (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/

Namespaces (Docs)
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/



Kubernetes Release Notes
https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/release/notes/



My list of security objectives for Docker projects
https://github.com/BretFisher/ama/issues/17



Docker Engine Security
https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/security/

Big List of Docker Security Tools
https://sysdig.com/blog/20-docker-security-tools/



Docs: Seccomp security profiles
https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/seccomp/

Docs: AppArmor security profiles
https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/apparmor/



Docker Bench
https://github.com/docker/docker-bench-security

CIS Benchmark for Securing Docker
https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/docker/



Sample Dockerfile of using USER in a Node.js App
https://github.com/BretFisher/dockercon19/blob/master/1.Dockerfile

Docs: USER Stanza in Dockerfiles
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#user


